---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meshstack_platform_types Data Source - terraform-provider-meshstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Platform types available in meshStack.
---

# meshstack_platform_types (Data Source)

Platform types available in meshStack.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meshstack_platform_types" "all" {
  # optional filtering
  # category         = "CUSTOM"
  # lifecycle_status = "ACTIVE"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `category` (String) Filter platform types by category. Possible values: OPENSTACK, CLOUDFOUNDRY, SERVICEREGISTRY, AWS, OPENSHIFT, KUBERNETES, AZURE, GCP, AZURE_KUBERNETES_SERVICE, AZURE_RESOURCE_GROUP, CUSTOM, GITHUB.
- `lifecycle_status` (String) Filter platform types by lifecycle status

### Read-Only

- `platform_types` (Attributes List) List of platform types (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--platform_types))

<a id="nestedatt--platform_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `platform_types`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) API version of meshPlatformType datatype.
- `kind` (String) Kind of meshObject. This is always meshPlatformType for this endpoint.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Platform type metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--platform_types--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Specifications of the platform type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--platform_types--spec))
- `status` (Attributes) Status of the platform type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--platform_types--status))

<a id="nestedatt--platform_types--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `platform_types.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier of the platform type.
- `owned_by_workspace` (String) Identifier of the workspace that owns this platform type.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the platform type.


<a id="nestedatt--platform_types--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `platform_types.spec`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) Category of the platform type.
- `default_endpoint` (String) Default endpoint URL for platforms of this type.
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the meshPlatformType shown in the UI.
- `icon` (String) Icon used to represent the platform type. Base64 encoded data URI (e.g., `data:image/png;base64,...`).


<a id="nestedatt--platform_types--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `platform_types.status`

Read-Only:

- `lifecycle` (Attributes) Lifecycle information of the platform type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--platform_types--status--lifecycle))

<a id="nestedatt--platform_types--status--lifecycle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `platform_types.status.lifecycle`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) Lifecycle state of the platform type. Either ACTIVE or DEACTIVATED.
