---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meshstack_platform_type Data Source - terraform-provider-meshstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Read a single platform type by name.
---

# meshstack_platform_type (Data Source)

Read a single platform type by name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meshstack_platform_type" "example" {
  metadata = {
    name               = "OPENSHIFT-4"
    owned_by_workspace = "my-workspace"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Platform type metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `ref` (Attributes) Reference to this platform type, can be used as input for `platform_type_ref` in platform resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ref))
- `spec` (Attributes) Specifications of the platform type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `status` (Attributes) Status of the platform type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique identifier of the platform type.
- `owned_by_workspace` (String) Identifier of the workspace that owns this platform type.

Read-Only:

- `uuid` (String) UUID of the platform type.


<a id="nestedatt--ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ref`

Read-Only:

- `kind` (String) The kind of the object. Always `meshPlatformType`.
- `name` (String) Identifier of the platform type.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) Category of the platform type.
- `default_endpoint` (String) Default endpoint URL for platforms of this type.
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the meshPlatformType shown in the UI.
- `icon` (String) Icon used to represent the platform type. Base64 encoded data URI (e.g., `data:image/png;base64,...`).


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `lifecycle` (Attributes) Lifecycle information of the platform type (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--lifecycle))

<a id="nestedatt--status--lifecycle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.lifecycle`

Read-Only:

- `state` (String) Lifecycle state of the platform type. Either ACTIVE or DEACTIVATED.
