---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meshstack_tag_definitions Data Source - terraform-provider-meshstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Tag definitions for the entire organization.
---

# meshstack_tag_definitions (Data Source)

Tag definitions for the entire organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meshstack_tag_definitions" "all" {
  # no attributes for filtering are supported at the moment
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `tag_definitions` (Attributes List) List of tag definitions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_definitions))

<a id="nestedatt--tag_definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_definitions`

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String) API Version of meshTagDefinition datatype. Matches the version part provided within the Accept request header.
- `kind` (String) As a common meshObject structure exists, every meshObject has a kind. This is always meshTagDefinition for this endpoint.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Always contains the 'name' to uniquely identify the meshTagDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_definitions--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) Specification for the meshTagDefinition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec))

<a id="nestedatt--tag_definitions--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_definitions.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Must be of the form $targetKind.$key since tag definitions must be non-conflicting.


<a id="nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_definitions.spec`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The detailed description of the tag.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the tag.
- `immutable` (Boolean) Indicates whether the tag value is not editable after initially set.
- `key` (String) The key of the tag.
- `mandatory` (Boolean) Indicates whether the tag is mandatory.
- `restricted` (Boolean) Indicates whether only admins can edit this tag.
- `sort_order` (Number) The sort order for this tag when displayed in the UI. meshPanel sorts tags in ascending order.
- `target_kind` (String) The kind of meshObject this tag is defined for. Must be one of: meshProject, meshWorkspace, meshLandingZone, meshPaymentMethod or meshBuildingBlockDefinition.
- `value_type` (Attributes) The TagValueType of the tag. Must define exactly one of the available types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type))

<a id="nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_definitions.spec.value_type`

Read-Only:

- `email` (Attributes) email address, represented as JSON string (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--email))
- `integer` (Attributes) an integer, represented as a JSON number (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--integer))
- `multi_select` (Attributes) one or multiple strings from a list of options, represented as a JSON array (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--multi_select))
- `number` (Attributes) a decimal number, represented as a JSON number (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--number))
- `single_select` (Attributes) a string from a list of options, represented as a JSON string (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--single_select))
- `string` (Attributes) string, represented as JSON string (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--string))

<a id="nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--email"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_definitions.spec.value_type.email`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the tag.
- `validation_regex` (String) The regex pattern that the tag value must match.


<a id="nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--integer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_definitions.spec.value_type.integer`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (Number) The default value of the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--multi_select"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_definitions.spec.value_type.multi_select`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (List of String) The default value of the tag.
- `options` (List of String) The allowed options for the tag as a string[]


<a id="nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--number"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_definitions.spec.value_type.number`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (Number) The default value of the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--single_select"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_definitions.spec.value_type.single_select`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the tag.
- `options` (List of String) The allowed options for the tag as a string[]


<a id="nestedatt--tag_definitions--spec--value_type--string"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tag_definitions.spec.value_type.string`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the tag.
- `validation_regex` (String) The regex pattern that the tag value must match.
