---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "meshstack_tenant_v4 Data Source - terraform-provider-meshstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches details of a single tenant by UUID.
  ~> Note: This resource is in preview and may change in the near future.
---

# meshstack_tenant_v4 (Data Source)

Fetches details of a single tenant by UUID.

~> **Note:** This resource is in preview and may change in the near future.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "meshstack_tenant_v4" "example" {
  metadata = {
    uuid = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" # Tenant UUID
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) Tenant metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String) Tenant datatype version
- `kind` (String) meshObject type, always `meshTenant`.
- `spec` (Attributes) Tenant specification. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `status` (Attributes) Tenant status. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `uuid` (String) UUID of the tenant.

Read-Only:

- `created_on` (String) The date the tenant was created.
- `deleted_on` (String) If the tenant has been submitted for deletion by a workspace manager, the date is shown here.
- `marked_for_deletion_on` (String) Date when the tenant was marked for deletion.
- `owned_by_project` (String) Identifier of the project the tenant belongs to.
- `owned_by_workspace` (String) Identifier of the workspace the tenant belongs to.


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `landing_zone_identifier` (String) Identifier of landing zone to assign to this tenant.
- `platform_identifier` (String) Identifier of the target platform.
- `platform_tenant_id` (String) Platform-specific tenant ID.
- `quotas` (Attributes List) Set of applied tenant quotas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--quotas))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--quotas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.quotas`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `platform_type_identifier` (String) Identifier of the platform type.
- `platform_workspace_identifier` (String) Identifier of the platform workspace.
- `tags` (Map of List of String) Tags assigned to this tenant.
- `tenant_name` (String) Name of the tenant.
